reasons
Surely you know why you came to my temple.  Perhaps you seek information on the four master Scrolls?  Or an account of history?
knowledge
I can tell you of history and I can tell you of the Triage.  If you seek to verify the tales you hear of the Master Scroll, I can tell you which are true and which are simply wishful thinking.
know
I can tell you of history and I can tell you of the Triage.  If you seek to verify the tales you hear of the Master Scroll, I can tell you which are true and which are simply wishful thinking.
power
Trinnadar, the elven mage of the Triage can tell you more of power than I ever can.  I would not be so boastful to speak of a subject in which I acknowledge him the rightful master.  Tell him I sent you to him for further discourse.
history
I know the complete history of how Darbonne came to be.  The Triage asked for my help and advice at the time.  A long time ago, my brother Zeth fell in love with a witch.  She deceived him, but now he is more evil than she.  Together they plotted to lead the dragons and Balrogs against Eldamar.  That's when the great battle took place.
advice
At the Battle of Eldamar, it was Elisha who came to with the plan to break the city free form its roots and hurl it into the sky, but she wasn't quite sure of the incantation nor the amount of power it would require.  I knew it would require more than a little slip of a human, so I told her to seek out i the elf and Emstillion the dwarf.
help
I was of some small help during the Battle of Eldamar, but it was Elisha who will be remembered.  Without her, the evil ones would have the Master Scrolls today.  She was able to scatter them in a maelstrom as tiny fragments.  
plan
The plan was to envelope the City of Darbonne in a mighty spherical force field and yank it from the earth.  Once free, the magic would seek a point of equilibrium between goodness and evil, far from the reaches of the dragons.
evil
The words evil and Zeth are one and the same, I am afraid.
witches
There are thirteen witches who control many of the dire troubles that befall the world.   If you wish to know more of them, find the monastery in the Bluehorse Hills and speak to the brothers there.
hags
I speak of the thirteen witches when I refer to the hags.  If you desire more informaition about them, then you must journey to a monastery in the Bluehorse Hills.
monastery
Did I not say it is located in the Bluehorse Hills?  Go to the east of Stonehaven, the home of the dwarves in Darbonne.
bluehorse
There is a monastery in the Bluehorse hills where the brothers boldly stand against the thirteen old witches who bring trouble ot us all.
hills
Yes, the Bluehorse hills.  That is the location of a monastery where the brothers battle the thirteen hags.
brothers
The brothers of the monastery have long fought with the thirteen witches.
magic
The magic that holds Darbonne?  It is self-sustaining, but until the Master Scrolls can be made whole again, no new magic can be created.  Darbonne will stay in the clouds forever, even after the dragons, witches and balrogs are gone if we cannot find all of the pieces of the Master Scrolls.
triage
Three mighty white mages, one is an elf, the second is a dwarf, and the third is a strange and beautiful one.  She is an immortal human.  It was she that fragmented and scattered the Master Scrolls.
darbonne
It was at the battle of Eldamar that Darbonne became as the city it is now.  While under attack, the three great mages of the Triage cast a powerful spell on the city that up-rooted it, and flung it into the sky, high above where the dragons can fly.
battle
The dragons were invading in overwhelming numbers, and the balrogs were at the gates.
balrogs
Hope that you never meet one.  If you do, only magicke or enchanted weapons can defeat them.
dragons
They were fierce, and came in great numbers from the skies.  Fortunately, they cannot fly very high because of their great body weight.  For that reason Darbonne is free forever of the soulless beasts.
skies
Dragons are at home in the skies, but they cannot fly as high as this city.  We are safe from them at them height.
scrolls
Sigh.  Each of the scrolls you may find as you adventure is but a copy of a portion of the four great Master Scrolls.  Without the Master Scrolls, no more scrolls for offensive spells can be made.
scroll
All scrolls today are simply partial copies of the four Master Scrolls.  We must find all of the fragments so that we can reassemble it.  Any who find the Master Scroll fragments, and return them to the temple, will be rewarded amply.  We may have to wage a war with Zeth and his minions to obtain all of the fragments.
master
The Master Scrolls were in my repository during the Battle of Eldamar, and when Elisha saw it was to be captured by the Balrogs she almost succeeded in destroying them before they could be taken to Zeth.  She did manage to reduce them to fragments and cast them to the winds.  If they can ever be found and reassembled, we will have the power to convert the evil ones.
repository
The repository is no more, having been demolished during the attack and the raising of Darbonne, but the remains are somewhere near the Enchanted Forest.  Some magic might still be found there, even today.
human
You mean Elisha, the human member of the Triage?  The elves and the dwarves gave her a special gift of immortality after she protected the Master Scrolls.
she
That would be Elisha, the human mage of the Triage.  Trinnadar and Emstillion gave her immortality for her heroic effort at saving the Master Scrolls.  The gift aged them, but perhaps now they look akin to their abilities.  The three of them make up the Triage and each has quarters in the Palace in Darbonne.
elf
You speak of Trinnadar the elven member of the Triage.  Even for an immortal elf, he is old.  Trinnadar is the senior member of the Triage and wields the most power of any living being.
dwarf
Emstillion?  The dwarven member of the Triage?  When he is not drinking in the pubs he spends his time in the Bluehorse mines.  Many of the Master Scroll fragments have been found there, and he believes there are more.  He is a wise friend, and will someday help me overcome Zeth.
quest
Fragments of the Master Scrolls are quests unto themselves.  They are found in many strange places, and as a reward for finding them, you are generally allowed to study one of the realm's spells.  But to do that, it must be returned to the Prefect at my temple in Darbonne.  The adventurer who returns a fragment will be rewarded handsomely.
reward
Each time a fragment is returned to my temple, the Master Scrolls come closer to being whole again.  The adventurer who finds and returns a lost fragment will profit in both spiritual and material ways.
elisha
She is the most beautiful human that ever existed.  She spends her days in the castle, and her nights searching for the lost fragments of the Master Scrolls.
trinnadar
Trinnadar is aloof, but he has a kind heart, and he hates evilness.  He has a home away from the castle somewhere deep in the Enchanted Forest.  He studies black magic, to be able to overcome it.  We can only hope it does not overcome him.
emstillion
He doesn't look like a mage, but his appearance can be very deceiving.  Actually, he looks exactly like his beer guzzling brothers, and often can be found in Stonehaven getting roaring drunk.  Still, he has command of some very powerful magic.
eldamar
A terrible battle took place at Eldamar, and many were the heros.  The forces of Zeth were strong, however, and they were soon to sack the city, but Trinnadar called his friends Elisha and Emstillion to his side, and they saved the city with a powerful spell that caused the city to tear from the earth below.
zeth
Zeth was my brother when we were but kids.  Today, he is the Unholy One, and seeks to lead all of the evil forces.  He may do it, too, if he is able to gather enough of the Master Scroll fragments.  He bides his time in a black pyramid that can sometimes be found in Darbonne, and other times simply vanishes.  Zeth is as black as I am white, and only evil ones may approach him.
frag
Each fragment of a Master Scroll contains the runes for a magic spell, and if the pieces are returned to the Prefect in my temple, Elisha will be able to reassemble the Master Scroll.  Only she has is able, since it was she who brought the scrolls to their present condition in order to save them.
fragment
Each fragment of a Master Scroll contains the runes for a magic spell, and if the pieces are returned to the Prefect in my temple, Elisha will be able to reassemble the Master Scroll.  Only she has is able, since it was she who brought the scrolls to their present condition in order to save them.
fragments
Each fragment of a Master Scroll contains the runes for a magic spell, and if the pieces are returned to the Prefect in my temple, Elisha will be able to reassemble the Master Scroll.  Only she has is able, since it was she who brought the scrolls to their present condition in order to save them.
unholy
Perhaps it would be better if we no longer speak of Zeth.  His powers are almost equal to my own, and as yet we dare not force him, but someday we will subdue him.  However, first we must gather more of the scroll fragments.
bless CAST bless
Bless you, in my name.  May your arm be strong against my brother, Zeth.
protection CAST protection
I will provide protection, little one, but you must start a quest and return a portion of one of the Master Scrolls to my Prefect.
prot CAST protection
I will provide protection, little one, but you must start a quest and return a portion of one of the Master Scrolls to my Prefect.
prefect
You will find him behind the invisible curtain on the stairs below the altar in my temple.
pref
You will find him behind the invisible curtain on the stairs below the altar in my temple.
