requirements
If you wish to train here, there are certain things I require.
requirement
If you wish to train here, there are certain things I require.
require
I need my precious items that were once part of this beautiful temple.  What is your level right now?  I think you may be the one who can help me.
help
Did I not say I need your help?  Perhaps you are not the one...  What is your present level?
level
I need to know what your present level is before I can tell you of my needs and requirements.  Would you be so kind as to tell me your level?
train
I need you to bring me certain artifacts that were lost when this temple was ruined.  If you are successful, I will trade you a key to the proper training room.  What level are you right now?
artifacts
Yes, sacred relics that once were here, but were looted when the walls came down.  I would like to have them back.  What is your present level?  Perhaps you can help.
artifact
Yes, sacred relics that once were here, but were looted when the walls came down.  I would like to have them back.  What is your present level?  Perhaps you can help.
trade
If you give me something, I will consider it a gift and I will keep it.  If you wish me to give you something in return, you must trade the item to me.  I hope you understand the difference.
six
Find me the silver incense burner that once hung over this altar, and I will trade you a key to the level seven training room.  Remember, it must be the silver one.
seven
Bring back the candelabra that once stood on the prayer station.
candelabra
The candelabra was taken by sewer demons. They live in the grate.
grate
Yes, it's the grate at the end of an alley.  I believe it's the alley that connects to Shannon Way.
eight
A long time ago there were two incense burners over the altar, one was silver and the other was gold.  Now they are missing.  If you will return with the gold one, I will be delighted to trade you a key which I am sure you desire.  It is the key to the level nine training.
burner
Do you mean the silver one or the gold one?
incense
Do you mean the silver one or the gold one?
silver
Looters came and stole the silver incense burner.  We believe they sold it to a silver shop, and that it is now stored in a silver shop somewhere in the township of Eldenmar.
gold
After the temple was destroyed, a band of gnips came and danced on the rubble above us.  One of them carried off the gold incense burner, and I have heard that it can be found in the gnip village near Ethelred's training camp for barbarians.  Perhaps a barbarian can lead you there.
nine
You must return with a cleric's cudgel.  Trade it with me and I will give you a solid silver key.
cudgel
It is a weapon that was designed for clerics long ago when the land was still engulfed in war and Darbonne had not yet risen above Mordor.  It was given to the monks for safe keeping until the day came when clerics would need use of it again.
monk
Be warned, they will not give up the cleric's cudgel easily.  They have sworn to guard it until their death.
ten
Return with a silken tapistry for which I bestow upon you a gold key for your training room.
tapistry
It chronicled our land's history but was lost during the great war.  It is said that some nuisances who carry pots o' gold have come into possession of it.
eleven
Enter the dark marble door on the eastern end of the hallway.
twelve
You must travel to the temple under the care of Leviosa in the great city of Hafnia down below on the Land of Mordor.  May the blessings of Alith go with you.
