subject
As I said, I know a little about a great many subjects.  I hear tales from travelers, and I hear of plots at the palace, and I know that Gertie and Gus are thinking of taking a vacation.  There's not much I don't hear, if I just cut hair and listen.
subjects
As I said, I know a little about a great many subjects.  I hear tales from travelers, and I hear of plots at the palace, and I know that Gertie and Gus are thinking of taking a vacation.  There's not much I don't hear, if I just cut hair and listen.
travelers
There are some wild stories about thugs and highwaymen who will leave you naked and sore if they find you on the King's Highway at night.  I've heard stories of stormhawkes and giant worms, and even of a strange tree in the Enchanted Forest.
stormhawke
Perhaps they aren't true, but the stories are certainly interesting.  The birds are said to be intelligent, and often take their prey to their nests.
honor ACTION bow
Ahhh, you know the secret word, do you?  Yes, my friend, there is indeed honor amongst thieves.  By your word I understand you wish to know the directions to the Guild in Bluehorse Village.  All I can tell you is this:  go there and speak to Minnie, who owns a small potions shoppe.  Tell her I sent you, and be sure to give her my name so she will give you further instructions.  However, a word of caution...  watch your purse around her.
plots
Such plots are hatched almost hourly by malcontents and snivlings, but nothing ever happens.  Ignore such talk.
gus
Gus?  He lives with his sister, Gertie, down in the cellar, and used to be a guard at the treasury of the city.  They take care of the stray animals, you know. 
gertie
Gertie and Gus?  They take care of the stray animals who find their way into this alley.  They live in the cellar, and some say they have a fortune hidden away down there, but I don't think so.
train
And what guild would you be wishing to train for, if I may ask?
thief
Shhh...  Don't use that word around here.  There are travelers about, and nosy neighbors.  However, now that you've mentioned it, perhaps you would like to step behind the curtain in the back of the shop.
curtain
Yes, the curtain back there.  It might be hidden from your view, from where you are standing.
