advance
Yes, yes, but tell me the level you seek.  Two?  Three?  You must tell me what level you seek before I can give you more information.
train
Yes, of course that's why you are here, but tell me the level you seek.  Two?  Three?  You must tell me what level you seek so I can give you more information.
two
Oh, ho.  A newbie.  Well, little green one, go to the pine door, open it and enter.  There you will find an entry to the training room.  Once you enter that room, simply say the magic word, train, and if you have enough gold for the fee and enough experience, you will be advanced.
three
As before, you need only go to the oak door and enter it.  You will be in the anteroom to the training room.  Once you go there, you must have enough experience and enough gold to say the magic word, train.  If you meet those simple requirements, you will leave here a better person.
four
You will need to go to the hallway, where you will find an entry to the advanced training.  For you, there is a simple test.  Enter the red door and take as much time as you like, but you must pick the lock to the training room in order to enter there.  Good luck.
five
You have done well if you are ready to go to level five.  Enter the blue door in the advanced training area, and find the key hidden in the room somewhere.  You may use that key to unlock the training room door.  Good luck.
six
You have mastered all that we can do for you after you pass this next test.  You must go to the green door in the advanced training room, and there you will find a footpad who has already become a level six thief.  He will turn his back to you, and if you can succesfully steal a key he carries, without him detecting you, you can use it to unlock the training room door.  Be warned though, if you fail, he will attack you. If you are successful, ask me about level seven training.  I have more information for you.  Now go, and prepare yourself. 
pine
The pine door is for our newest members, and only a level one thief may enter there.  There is hope that he who enters will come out as a level two member.
oak
The oak door is for those thieves aspiring to level three.  No test is required, only a willingness to be a member in good standing with the Guild.
seven
Speak to Danny, the barber.  He is the Guild Master here, and give him this secret code to let him know that I have told you this.  The secret code is:  honor.  Good luck to you, and may you have a guild of your own, someday.

 
