assignment
I need someone to take the life of a few labor leaders who have a union hall in Quickhand, or perhaps someone to bring me the head of a Grimley brother.  I have different needs, depending on the level to which you aspire.  Which level are you interested in?
four
Then bring back a sealed envelope from the labor hall and trade it to the training assassin.  Please note, do not GIVE the envelope to her, but be sure you TRADE it.  You should receive a yellow training key from her.
five
To advance to level five, bring back the foreman's job list you will find at the labor hall.  You can trade it for a key.  The training assassin will gladly trade you a green key.
six
Ah, you may do either of two assignments.  Perhaps you are the person who will retrieve the onyx carving for a client.  It is hidden in the labor hall.  When you have it, trade it to the training assassin.  If you prefer, you could take the life of a Grimley brother to satisfy the requirement for level six training.  Bring me the dead head of one of those murderers, and I will trade you a note which you can then trade to the training assassin.
dangerous
I need someone to bring me the head of a Grimley brother, or perhaps take the lives of a few labor leaders or foremen in Quickhand.
labor
Seek them out in the union hall, as they have certain things I need.  You must bring back a sealed envelope, or the foreman's job list, or a particular piece of art.  Each of these items will earn you a key to the training rooms.
leader
They spend all their time spending the member's money on parties held in the union hall.  However, they have certain things I need.  You must bring back a sealed envelope, or the foreman's job list, or a particular piece of art.
note
Yes, I said I would trade a note for the head of one of the Grimley brothers.  If you take the note to the training assassin in the training center, she will trade you a key for our most advanced training room.  Of course, you must still have the fee.  We don't run a charity here, like the the Little Sisters.
leaders
They spend all their time spending the member's money on parties held in the union hall.  However, they have certain things I need.  You must bring back a sealed envelope, or the foreman's job list, or a particular piece of art.
union
Bah!  Those corrupt labor leaders have a hall down in Quickhand.  They call it a union, but it's just a way to separate honest workers from their money.  Do you know where the hall is located?  It's on Dunedain Road.
envelope
I need a certain sealed envelope carried by one of the labor leaders.  Do you think you can obtain it for me?  If you accept this assignment, go to the hall on Dunedain Road in Quickhand.  You will find a labor leader there.
hall
Did I not say the hall is on Dunedain Road in Quickhand?  It's just east of South Goldberry.  You really can't miss it.
dunedain
Hmmm...  yes, the hall is on Duendain Road, a short distance east of South Goldberry.  Dunedain Road is a east-west road.
quickhand
Have you ever seen such a cesspool of depravity?  Many of our best customers come from there.  And come to think of it, a lot of our victims have been in Quickhand.
train
If you wish to train at this site, you will have to complete certain assignments.  Someone in the Labor Hall in Quickhand has stolen a piece of art from one of our patrons, and we must return it.  The item is an onyx carving.  We also need a certain sealed envelope, and we would like to take a look at the jobs list carried by the foreman in the hall.  To which level do you wish to advance?
foreman
The foreman is part of the political corruption established by those labor leaders.  I believe I can go to the council at the palace if I could get a certain jobs list that he carries.  Perhaps you could retrieve it for me.  The training assassin outside would gladly trade you a key for that jobs list.
onyx
The onyx carving is hidden in a locked cellar somewhere in the hall.  You might need to take a thief with you to pick the lock.  We believe the entrance is through a trap door.
art 
The onyx carving is hidden in a locked cellar somehwere in the hall.  You might need to take a thief with you to pick the lock.  We believe the entrance is through a trap door.
grimley
The Grimley brothers are just plain murderers!  They are assassins without a guild, and refuse to join ours.  As such, they take the bread right out of our mouths every time they slit a throat.  Bring me one of their heads, and I will trade you for a note to the training assassin.  She will give you a training key for the note.
brothers
The Grimley brothers are just plain murderers!  They are assassins without a guild, and refuse to join ours.  As such, they take the bread right out of our mouths every time they slit a throat.  Bring me one of their heads, and I will trade you for a note to the training assassin.  She will give you a training key for the note.
head
We want the head of a Grimley brother!  Nothing else will do.  Just the head, mind you.  And it must be one of the brothers.
