juju
The juju bird has brought us luck for hundreds of years.  Just holding a feather provides very good luck.  Juju birds can be found in the forest near Jaspar's caves.
bird
The juju bird has brought us luck for hundreds of years.  Just holding a feather provides very good luck.  Juju birds can be found in the forest near Jaspar's caves.
feather
The feather of the juju bird will bring good luck to the holder.  The tribe would like one for the totem, so the entire tribe may share the luck.  Near the caves of Jaspar there is a small glen in the forest where the juju bird lives.
luck
Bring the feather of a juju bird, and I will trade with you.
shrikke
The fire shrikke lives in a pit of flames near the al Zabadi village.  My father would like to have the body of one so that he may create an amulet to protect us from fire magic.  Do you need more information?
fire
In the center of the al Zabadi village there is a pit of flames, and the shrikke lives there.  My father would like to create a magical amulet to protect us from magical fire, but he needs the body of a fire shrikke.  If you bring it, I will trade you the key to the ceremonial chambers where you will be advanced in level.
trade
You understand trade?  If you give me something, I will keep it and consider it a gift.  However, if you trade me the body of a shrikke, or the feather of a juju bird,  I will trade you a key in return.  You must trade, if you want something in return.
zabadi
The village of the gnips?  Yes, al Zabadi is better known as the home for the gnips.  Those creatures attend to Jazara the witch.  They maintain a fire in the village and that is what has attracted the witch.  You can find shrikkes there as well.
village
I mean the village of the gnips when I speak of a village.  Be careful and take many of your brothers if you go there.  We have found a parchment which tells us how to create an amulet to protect us from fire, but we need the body of a shrikke, and fire shrikkes are often found in that village.
cave
Jaspar's caves?  Ro do you mean the cave in the gnip village?
jaspar
In the north of this island called Darbonne is a forest.  In that forest is a cave that belongs to Jaspar.  Near that cave you will find a glen where the juju bird lives.  Find a juju feather and return it to me for a trade.
gnip
*spit*  They are small and dirty, but cunning also.  They live not far from here, in a village built around a fiery furnace.  The shrikkes lived there first, but they get along well with the gnips and together they have become our worst enemies.
enemies
The gnips and the fire shrikkes together do the bidding of Jazara, who in turn serves Zeth.  They have declared a holy war on us, but we shall kill them all.

