fire
Did I not say it was a drake?  I was in the rear of the guard bring up water for the warriors when they attacked.  A wizard saved my life.
drake
They attacked the rear of the guard, and a fire drake belched a fireball towards my head and missed, but it took off one of my legs.  Fortunately, it seared so quickly there was never any pain.  Even so, it took a wizard to save my life.
wizard
Ah, the one who saved my life.  I will forever be in his debt.  I convinced him a a few others to allow me to be the Keeper of the Keys.
keeper
I hold the keys to the Lair of the Drakes.  If you bring me map of the island of Angelsey, I will loan you one of the keys.  If you have such a map, I will trade with you.
key
I alone have the keys to Lair of the Drakes.  If I could look at a map of the island of Angelsey, I would let an adventurer have one of them.  Do you have a map to trade with me?
keys
I alone have the keys to Lair of the Drakes.  If I could look at a map of the island of Angelsey, I would let an adventurer have one of them.  Do you have a map to trade with me?
map
It's the map of an island where the Witch of the Sea is said to have a home.  I believe she also nurtures Sea Dragons there, and I would like to see if the map gives any clues.  I think there might be a copy of the map with a prisoner incarcerated here on Darbonne, but I am not sure.
prisoner
Yes, yes, in the prison north of Darbonne Castle.  It's called Darbonne City Prison.
witch
Agatha?  of course.  She lives in the sea, but has a second home on the Isle of Angelesy.  She gave a map to her handmaid who languishes in Darbonne City Prison.  I would trade a key to the Lair of the Drakes for a peek at that map.
prison
agatha
I only want to see the map.  I do not wish to anger her.  Do you have the map?  I will trade a key for it.
island
It's the island of Angelsey, and I have reason to believe that the Witch of the Sea, Agatha, nurtures sea dragons there.  I would trade a key to the Drake's Lair for a map of that island.
isle
It's the island of Angelsey, and I have reason to believe that the Witch of the Sea, Agatha, nurtures sea dragons there.  I would trade a key to the Drake's Lair for a map of that island.
angelsey
It's the island of Angelsey, and I have reason to believe that the Witch of the Sea, Agatha, nurtures sea dragons there.  I would trade a key to the Drake's Lair for a map of that island.
dragon
Some people do not believe that drakes are also dragons, but they are, you know.  I have the key to their lair.
lair
I have the key to the lair, but I will not part with it unless someone brings me a map of Angelsey.  If you have such a map, I will trade for it.



