servant
Zeth has many chaotic servants, and you may become one, but Zahn and I were the first.  He has rewarded us well for our faith.  Witness:  we have died, yet we live again.
servants
Zeth has many chaotic servants, and you may become one, but Zahn and I were the first.  He has rewarded us well for our faith.  Witness:  we have died, yet we live again.
reward
You may also take this reward.  If you wish to become chaotic and are willing to pay the price, Zeth will give you what you ask.  Are you willing to become?
price
The price you pay is ten percent of your experience.  For that Zeth will give you the power to deliver death to other chaotic servants.  Only through death is Zeth served.  Be warned, though, that you must have enough experience to suffer a ten percent loss without losing a level.
become
Yes, if you are ready.  Simply remove your garments and descend into the deepest part of this pit.  There you will find the Great Horns of Zeth which you must take.  Be not afraid as you do, and then you must hold them high for these around you to witness.
zeth
When you are ready to relinquish the path of good and lawful then you must remove your garments and descend into the deepest part of this pit.  There you will find the Great Horns of Zeth which you must take.  Be not afraid as you do, and then you must hold them high for these around you to witness.  Are you prepared to pay the price?
horns
Do you see the deepest part of the pit?  The Great Horns are there, in the Pit of Chaos.  Do you know the price?
pit
The Pit of Chaos is the home of the Great Horns of Zeth.  If you descend, and take the horns in your hands and hold them high, you will be properly rewarded.
reward
Zeth will watch over you.  Is that not a reward?  You will also have the power to destroy, a great reward indeed.  For this you must pay a price.  Do you know what you must pay?
pay
If you have enough experience to lose ten percent without dropping below the amount needed for your level, you may enter the pit below.
destroy
To destroy and bring death is a glorious feeling.  Ask my love, Zahn, about death and life.
zahn
She is my one true love whom Zeth gave to me.  She has followed me to hell and back.
hell
A lovely place.  Even mortals such as you may visit, if you know the proper code to open the drawbridge into hell.  There are four buttons, each a different color.
buttons
Did I say there are four buttons?  Yes, four of them, and they must be pushed in the correct order to open the drawbridge.  There is an old hermit in the Enchanted Forest that might know the combination.
button
Did I say there are four buttons?  Yes, four of them, and they must be pushed in the correct order to open the drawbridge.  There is an old hermit in the Enchanted Forest that might know the combination.
code
The code is inbedded in the four buttons.  If you push them in the wrong order, you shall bring a wrath upon your head.
hermit
He lives in the Enchanted Forest, but I know not where.  I have not been there in a very long time.
forest
I cannot help you.  I have not been there for over a century.
drawbridge
There is a drawbridge that holds back the denizens of hell located somewhere in a mountain canyon.  Four buttons will open it, if one knows the correct combination.  Some say the old hermit has the proper order of them.
