zeth
My master bids you welcome, if you are here to choose the chaotic way of life and death.  There is a price to pay, and my lover, Xaxes, can tell you what you must do.
life
Life?  It is but the other side of death.  They are the two sides of the same coin, for without one, there could not be the other.
death
Death is the next level beyond life.  Surely you know this.  Have you not experienced the delicious taste of death?
taste
I see by your bearing that you have tasted the death of others, and probably your own, as well.  Is it not sweet?
chaotic
You have chosen well, if you wish to become one of us.  There is a small price, so be sure you truly desire to become chaotic.  Ask Xaxes what you must pay.
price
The price is a tribute to Zeth.  He demands ten percent of your experience points.  Surely it is a small price to pay for so wondrous a gift.  However, would you like a word of warning?
warning
If you wish to complete the ritual, be sure you can afford the ten percent without dropping below the number of experience points needed to maintain your level.  There are dire consequences otherwise.
ritual
The ritual requires you to go naked into the Pit of Chaos, and to take the Great Horns you find there.  Then you must hold them for all to see that you have accepted Zeth.
consequences
If you are newly leveled you probably do not have enough experience to give tribute to Zeth without dropping below the amount needed to level.  Zeth will not accept your tribute in that case, and you may anger him.
tribute
Zeth will demand ten percent of your experience.  Are you prepared to for this?  You must have enough experience to give the tribute and still stay at your level.
xaxes
Long ago, Xaxes was my lover and Zeth gave him everlasting death as a reward for following him.  I could not bear to part with him, and asked if I might join him.  It has been a wise decision for both of us, for the rewards are great.
chosen
You can also make the choice.  If you have decided to become as we are, then remove your clothing and weapons and descend into the deepest part of the pit.  You must take the Great Horns of Zeth which you will find there, and then you must hold them aloft for all to witness.
horns
They are in the deepest part of the pit.  No one can accompany you, and you must descend naked.  Do you see the Great Horns down there?  You must take them and hold them high for all to see.
naked
You cannot enter the Pit of Chaos below unless you remove everything.  Once there, you will receive the gift of Zeth, but you must grasp the Great Horns to receive it.
master
My master is Zeth, and he will be yours, too.  I urge you to descend below and grasp the Great Horns of our Giver of Gifts.
gift
It is the sweet gift of death and life.  But you already know this, or you would not be here now, contemplating the Pit of Chaos, below.
pit
The deepest part of the pit is known as the Pit of Chaos.  It is where you will receive your gift from Zeth.
chaos
It is a way of life, little friend, and it is also a way of death.
sweet
Life is hard, as we have all found it so, but only in death is there true sweetness.  Gone are the bitter memories of what might have been, and the despair of losing battles.
homage
The highest homage you give to our master is to enter the Pit of Chaos and hold aloft the Great Horns of Zeth you find there.
die
To die is simply a transition.  One must die many times to complete the cycle of death and life.  Surely you have experienced this for yourself many times by now.  Is death so bad?
styx
Whisper that name!  Even Zeth and Alith are nothing in the shadow of Almighty Styx!
