


	Styx's Account of Caledon's Book of Spells

In these pages you will find secrets which must be kept
close to you and not revealed to the common man, elst you 
will forever feel never-ending pain and suffering such as 
to make you wish to die.  Even then, death may not end your 
torment.  Here are described the offensive spells which can
hurt and kill, and are not to be used with disdain.  Mages
are allowed to teach the least powerful spell from each realm.

There are four powerful realms from which come these potent
spells:  Earth, Fire, Wind and Water.  There are five spells
in each realm, making an aggregate of twenty, the number of
servants to mighty Caledon.  It was Caledon who first wrote
the spells on parchment and ordered them sealed away in the
Great Library.  He also gave one copy to each of his faithful 
servants for safekeeping.
 
The amount of damage a particular offensive spell can cause
is determined by the amount of magic points required to cast 
it, and the realm proficiency of the user.  There are certain 
areas in the Land of Mordor where spells from one realm will 
be much more effective than those spells of a different realm.  
Fire spells do not work well underwater, but often the water 
spells are enhanced in such an environment.  In general, the 
more often that offensive spells in a particular realm are 
used, the greater grows the ability of the user.  (The damage
in the chart below assumes the user has a profficiency of 20 
percent or less.)
	MP to cast      Damage
	   3             6-12 	
	   7            18-24
	  10            24-30
	  15            30-40
	  22            45-55

Be warned...  when you cast an offensive spell, be certain 
you specify its target, else the spell will fall on thee.

Be further warned...  The most powerful spells, which require 
25 MP to cast, are generally reserved for mages only.  Others 
may try, but often the results are either unpredictable or 
perhaps the opposite of that desired. 

Herein are the descriptions of each spell.


From the EARTH realm:

  The Rumble spell -- 3 MP to cast.  An earth-brown scroll. 
	Caledon first gave this spell to Armandon, his 
	servant in the close Western reaches.  The Rumble
	spell is often one of the first used as an attack.

  The Crush spell -- 7 MP to cast.  A taupe colored scroll.
	This spell was given to Caledon's servant in the 
	Northern plains.  Her name is Galillea, which means
	"She who waits" in the elven tongue.



  The Shatterstone spell -- 10 MP to cast.  A sepia colored scroll.   
	Calliman, the servant in the East, where Caledon was
	trained, received the Shatterstone spell to guard
	with his life.  He did.

  The Engulf spell -- 15 MP to cast.  A dark brown scroll.    
	Far to the South lies the land of Caledon's birth,
	and the home of his servant Manwraith.  To him did
	Caledon entrust the Engulf spell for safekeeping.

  The Earthquake spell -- 22 MP to cast.  A honey brown scroll.
	Thalon, the keeper of this spell, still resides deep
	in the earth in Caledon's many chambers down there.  
	From time-to-time, as he awaits the return of Caledon,
	he exercises the incantation to keep it strong.





From the FIRE realm:

  The Burn spell -- 3 MP to cast.  An ash white scroll.   
	This is a simple spell which is easy to cast.
	It was with grave misgiving that Caledon handed it 
	over to Lharus, keeper of the household flames, for
	Lharus was known for his honest but bumbling attempts 
	to do his master's bidding.  However, he has kept 
	it well.   

  The Fireball spell -- 7 MP to cast.  A charred scroll.
	The Fireball can sometimes do multiple hits as it
	ricochets off its target.  For this reason it is 
	both feared and respected.  Caledon's most senior
	servant in his high mountain retreat guards the 
	Fireball.  Her name is Thannalee.	
    



 
  The Burstflame spell -- 10 MP to cast.  A flaming red scroll.
	Aball and Meyton, the twin sons of Aton, together
	accepted the Burstflame spell from Caledon.  One of
	them is always awake and the scroll is never left 
	unattended.  They guard the spell with the blessing 
	of their mother, Aton.

  The Immolate spell -- 15 MP to cast.  A cherry red scroll.
	It was Aton herself who accepted responsibility for
	the Immolate spell.  She and her two sons still live
	in the deepest part of a nameless forest, a glen where
	Caledon would visit when he was melancholy over the 
	loss of his beloved books. 

  The Flamefill spell -- 22 MP to cast.  A burnt orange scroll.
	This is the most powerful of all the firey spells and
	is guarded by one of Caledon's most trusted servants.
	No one knows for certain, but it is believed that Fin,
	a one-time thief, waits for Caledon in the ruins of a
	fountain in the destroyed city of Oceancrest.


From the WIND realm:

  The Hurt spell -- 3 MP to cast.  A black scroll.  
	The half-giant Bartholomew asked Caledon if he too,
	could be entrusted with one of the spells, and it
	came to pass that he was rewarded with both the scroll
	and immortality.  Caledon was quite pleased with the 
	honest request from Bartholomew.

  The Dustgust spell -- 7 MP to cast.  An indigo scroll, torn.   
	Agnes, the ancient crone who minded the great mill 
	for Caledon, took her scroll, kissed his cheek, and 
	vowed to keep the spell forever hidden.  With that, 
	Caledon placed a charm on the old woman, one which gave 
	her the appearance of eternal youth.  Many say now she 
	is a traveler.




  The Shockbolt spell -- 10 MP to cast.  An azure colored scroll.       
	Little is known of Jarvis, other than he was probably
	the oldest of the twenty servants who received the 
	spells.  Some say he was a gnome, but it is uncertain.  
	The Shockbolt spell was given to his charge.

  The Lightning spell -- 15 MP to cast.  An ebony and blue scroll.    
	Mir, the white pegasus, served mighty Caledon in the 
	clouds.  Mir was the only servant who asked to be
	relieved of the burden placed on them, but Caledon
	knew the reason he asked, and touched him gently as
	he smiled and placed the parchment scroll in a special
	pack for Mir.

  The Thunderbolt spell -- 22 MP to cast.  A cobalt-blue scroll
	The king of the sprites considered himself one of the
	lowest of Caledon's servants, but not so did Caledon.
	King Bombilliardier was given the Thunderbolt spell, 
	and when he accepted with bowed head, every sprite, in
	every corner of the land, seem to grow an inch. 

From the WATER realm:

  The Blister spell -- 3 MP to cast.  A blue-white scroll.
	There is a frog somewhere under a lily pad that looks
	as any other frog, but no so.  If you find her, and
	watch carefully, you will see that she kills flies in
	a most unusual manner.  Gertruna's task is to guard
	the Blister spell, and she does it very well.

  The Waterbolt spell -- 7 MP to cast.  A turquoise scroll.  
	Perhaps no one but Caledon himself ever really knew
	or understood why the Waterbolt spell was entrusted
	to a water troll, but Caledon gave the spell to Otto,
	the outcast, with complete confidence.  It seems to
	have been a wise decision.






  The Steamblast spell -- 10 MP to cast.  A citron colored scroll.     
	John, a human, *spit* was given two gifts:  The gift
	of long sleep, and the Steamblast spell.  Perhaps it
	was because John had forsaken the company of other
	humans and lived as a hermit, but he did not mind the
	deep slumber Caledon placed on him.

  The Bloodboil spell -- 15 MP to cast.  An anil-blue scroll.   
	Only Caledon knows to whom the Bloodboil spell was
	given.  What is known, however, is that the servant 
	lives in a gold tower on top of a silver hill, and 
	the tower is the source of the river Otax.

  The Iceblade spell -- 22 MP to cast.  A blue-gray scroll.
	Lucas, the crippled dwarf, holds a small, copper key
	which will unlock a copper box that is in the stomach
	of the great fish Targo.  Targo waits in an underwater
	grotto, never moving, and will leave the grotto only
	when Lucas calls.  Inside the copper box is the scroll
	upon which the spell was written in Caledon's own hand.
















		Such is the Book of Spells.  

		If you would know of the non-offensive spells, 
		you must find the Book of Magickes.
                                                       -Styx-


