
Last modification: 01/21/02

PLAYER POLICIES:
	"The game should be fun for players!"

There are very few rules for this game, and in general you 
may do anything the code allows.  However, just because you 
can do something doesn't mean you should.  Read that again.  
I try to make as few rules as possible so that you may enjoy 
the game and I hope you agree with my policy.  You should
read the newspaper for any latest changes or information.

The other side of that coin is that you should not expect any 
form of reimbursement.  Not for anything.  That may not sound 
fair, but that's the way it is.  That doesn't mean you can't 
ask, and it doesn't mean you won't ever get it.  Just don't
expect it.  





There is one prime directive, and if you violate it, you may 
may face punishment.  If it's egregious, your site could be 
locked out completely.

		DO NOT CRASH THE GAME ON PURPOSE.

Crashers ruin the game for everyone, so if you are on during 
a crash and suspect that another character may have been the 
cause, please mail a DM.  Crashes occur when the code does not 
anticipate some action, and players have been known to try to 
deliberately find such bugs.  Be warned though, if you truly 
enjoy this game, a crash can wipe out a lot of hard work, both 
on your part and mine.







The following actions are frowned upon, even if the code does 
allow it.

1.  Do not sell quest items. 
	The quests are a vital part of the game, and players 
	are encouraged to share information, go on quests 
	together, and share any quest items.  However, you 
	should never sell or buy _any_ quest item.  
	If you are caught doing either you may expect punishment.

2.  Avoid using robots on the game.
	One of the most enjoyable aspects of Darbonne is the 
	interaction between players.  Robots upset the balance 
	of the game and require the scenario to be made more 
	difficult to accomodate them.  Besides, if one plays 
	the game for enjoyment, what pleasure is derived from 
	automatic play? 

	That said, if you really want to setup a 'bot, go ahead.  
	You should know though, that we take great delight in 
	finding ways to sabotage your efforts.  Please don't 
	whine if it happens to you.  (That's part of _our_ fun.)
	You probably will never advance beyond level 10 if you
	use a bot to gain experience.  We just don't like it.






PLAYER ETIQUETTE:
The following actions are discouraged because they lessen 
the enjoyment of the game for other players.  Players who 
are unethical will find that we truly enjoy taking a little 
revenge, so if you want to make the CT's day, try one of 
the following:

1.  Do not stun or attack someone who is already in combat.
	It's a truly evil thing to do.

2.  Do not "get all."
	Taking everything in sight angers everyone, including 
	the Dungeonmaster and Caretakers.  
	
3.  Do not use excessive foul language.
	It is good to remember that the other players on the 
	game are actually real people, and that the use of 
	excessive racist, sexist, or foul language may offend 
	many of us.
	If you are unable to control yourself, refrain from 
	using such remarks when you broadcast.  Next time, it 
	might be YOUR little sister who is playing, not mine.












DM AND CARETAKER POLICIES:

In general, DMs and caretakers are on the game almost soley 
for the purpose of construction & debugging.  We feel that 
the best policy is one of non-involvement in the play of the 
game.  If you have a _real_ problem, we can help you solve 
it, but we are not here to assist with your play of the game.
(And please read that last part again, too.)
If you have questions, you should first read all of the 
available files before contacting us.

If you die as a result of a crash or the actions of another 
player, you will _not_ be reimbursed for the loss.  However,
it might be in your best interest to report it so that we 
can assess the actions of the culprit.

Too much anti-social behaviour will result in a ban from the
game.  (Do not confuse chaotic pkilling with bad behaviour.  
Note, however, if you choose to be chaotic, you can expect 
others to attack you at a time when you least want them to.)











Finally, if you are not satisfied with the decision of a 
Caretaker, you may appeal to the DM via mail.  Be aware that 
it is very rare that the decision of a caretaker is reversed, 
and the decision of the DM is always final. 

-Styx-
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
This policy is subject to change without notice and players are 
encouraged to check it frequently.  Ignorance is no excuse. 

